Now descendant of Romuald,
Shinta Mizumara. To revive the order of the strigoi you must become one with me.
Are you sure, Miss Kishimoto?
Okay. Okay.
What am I supposed to do next?
[Nervous whimper]
Miss... Miss Kishimoto.
Where the hell have you been!?
[Pained gasp]
You are late.
Do you know how long I've been waiting?
I never thought I'd see your kind.
WNM.
Tell me, what's your next move?
I bet you can guess.
I'm the bodyguard.
Now, I can finally have some fun.
I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean to make this so awkward.
Don't apologize.
I asked you. I wanted you to do it with me.
[Startled gasp]
Well, I feel awkward saying
this after what almost just happened,
but please take better care of yourself, Miss Kishimoto.
Useless boy.
Yeah. She totally hates me.
[Frustrated growl]
Damn it, these wounds really sting.
It's a real shame he managed to kick your ass, too.
Hey. What the hell was that for?
Was trying to take care of you.
Who could have guessed a bodyguard would have been so strong?
MUS.
You must make the ultimate sacrifice.
- Commander... - WPM.
We must proceed with this mission at all costs.
No more delays.
Do you understand?
In that case, reinforcements are needed.
Stronger weapons is fine.
S-So you can speak!
Ah, yes.
The disaster at Salashno,
And that family who refused to
accept their fate.
You will not hurt my family!
Fall back, everyone! Retreat at once!
Goodbye, my Lilith...
Commander Cliff.
Are you all right, sir?
Damn it all.
That insolent woman even got to the Captain.
Odin Romuald...
[Gasp]
Mama. Papa.
Papa. Where is Mama?
Lilith. Your mother has to take care of something.
Mama.
I want to see Mama.
Dear daughter, I have a gift for you Lilith.
When the time came, your mother and I wanted you to have this.
Here... perfect fit.
My parents sacrificed everything so that I could survive.
The survivor of Salashno.
So...
I refused to die without fulfilling my destiny!
Hey. Check those two out.
Too much tongue.
He should really get a room.
Wow. Does your boyfriend grab your legs like that?
Not if he wants to use his hands for anything else.
Where else do his hands go?
Well, if you really want to know...
[Giggle] That was more satisfying than I expected.
Hey, the guy just passed out.
[Shocked gasp] [Terrified scream]
It's mostly clean.
Now to spread my wings.
I can't believe Shinto is serious about making love to me.
There was nothing gentle in his eyes at all.
I guess he's not useless after all,
but a man filled with sexual desire.
Camilla!
I'm surprised it took you this long to notice me.
I had a good view.
How did you get in here?
Why are you in my shower?
Well, is your guardian. I must stay near you and show my affections.
Just like this...
Does this feel nice?
Don't get so close to me.
Now, don't be shy.
We're both girls.
Cut it out!
Your body got very curvy.
You've really filled out since the last time I saw you.
You feel delicious.
I bet other women are quite jealous of these.
Is that all you came here to tell me Camilla?
That's right.
Although there is something else you should be doing with this sexy body.
How about we take a bath together and I'll show you?
Why would I want to do that?
Lighten up, Lilith.
[Dejected sigh]
She definitely hates me.
Hey. Hey, Lilith, listen to this.
Some weird guys tried to barge in while you were in the
shower, but I held them all off by myself.
Ain't I the greatest?
Praise me, Lilith.
Go on and praise me!
Oh? What are you doing down there?
It's so ugly. As usual.
Camilla! Who the hell let you in here?
Why are you here?
Wait, did I forget something?
And you call yourself her bodyguard?
Bodyguards are not allowed to sleep on the job.
Keep your eye on Lilith, you ugly mutt.
I am protecting Lilith, you ugly, old, bat...
Bye-bye, ugly doggy...
Jeez. What is her problem?
She never calls and then thinks she can walk all over me?
So there you are, Plum.
Please. No!
From the fire comes first life...
To the flames we must return...
To be born again with this mark...
To set ashes tonight in the chain!
[Startled gasp]
I already know I cannot escape my destiny.
The mark on your chest is the seal of the Moroi's ritual.
Your mission is to conceive a child of the Romuald bloodline,
kill them both and bathe in their blood.
It is a righteous goal, all for the advancement of the Strigoi.
If you cannot accomplish this task, your mark will burn
forever and you alone will bear this curse.
Camilla. It's not that I'm afraid to lose my virginity.
I will carry his child no matter what happens.
My resolve will never waver.
Hearing that sets my mind at ease.
Oh, Miss Kishimoto.
I'm sitting next to you, and you spent the whole class checking her out?
Do you think I'll let you get away with this?
She's been checking me out this whole time.
She doesn't hate me.
I'm so happy.
Shin, we come from the same town in Kyushu, don't you see?
The best of friends from the beginning.
Don't throw that away.
Not for some slutty bimbo transfer student.
Stupid Shin, you horny... [Gasp]
It's bleeding.
Oh. I hope it's not deep.
Huh? Where did it go?
VNB, what's that?
A very nice breeze.
That's what I meant.
- You're very deep, sir. - At times.
So what are we going to do?
Are you sure about awakening him forcibly?
Commander Cliff Strive.
He is the descendant of the Romuald bloodline.
It would be nice if we managed to do that.
I don't care how it happens, we will need him.
But it would be better if he accepted it willingly.
Right. Especially against a Moroi.
I wonder how the world will react with the knowledge of these beings.
So what it really comes down to is...
Essentially ancient folklore.
Am I right?
What are you doing, Cammot?
No, don't play with that.
This is something Grandpa gave me.
It belonged to Mom.
Huh? Feels like something is inside.
What is this stone?
Was it always inside?
[Heartbeat thump] [Pained gasp]
My chest...
Something inside.
Oh! Shinta, you begun to awaken.
C-Cammot?
Shinta, you've awakened!
I've been expecting this for a very long time.
What? Cammot?
Cammot, you are... Cammot, right?
Shinta, things are going to get really scary from now on.
You might be in danger, but...
It's okay!
Cammot's here to save the day!
Sorry, still working on my landing.
Oh, Shinta is your chest okay?
Oh, the pain is gone.
But wait a sec.
Who are you?
It's me. Cammot!
- Cammot? - It's okay.
But you're a cat.
It's ooookay!
Cammot is your trusted friend!
But how did my cat learn to talk?
Ah-ah-ah!
As long as Cammot is with you, everything will be okay.
Oh, but Shinta...
Be careful when you're around that woman with red hair and red eyes.
Red hair and eyes.
Ga, ga ga!
[Mischievous giggle]
Read all these!
What is this?
\"Shinta's hopeless life\"?
Welll... in this one Shinta discovers how to masturbate
and in this one is about the time he grew underfur on his balls!
Wait! The first time I mas- I mean, grew underfur wasn't there!
Well, maybe a little.
It's okay.
I'll always be by your side.
Ready to help.
Uh... that wasn't really the point.
So you wrote all of these Cammot?
[Meows]
You even wrote about when Mom died.
Oh, and even Grandpa's...
Romuald.
Where have I heard that before?
- [Gasp] - Blood of Romuald.
Kishimoto, she said.
She said the exact same thing.
Kishimoto. Just what are you?
Romuald's bloodline.
I know Grandpa said something about it a long time ago.
It's no use.
I can't remember.
Huh? Who's that?
W-what!?
Sakamoto.
Romuald's blood...
[Startled gasp]
Fate will not allow the love of a Strigoi and hunter.
Ask yourself why your blood is interfering.
My blood is interfering?
Wait, Sakamoto.
Oh, there you are, Shin.
Why are you hiding in here?
Hey, let's grab some lunch.
Oh, sorry.
I have to pass today.
What? Why?
Is everything okay?
No, it's fine.
I just need time to figure things out.
Sorry.
Wait. Shin!
I wanted to ask you something.
My body is acting strange.
When I cut my finger, the bleeding stopped right away.
It hurt at first, but soon the pain and
scar disappeared without a trace.
It's like I've become something inhuman.
But what's happened to me?
Please help me, Shin.
I'm scared.
Silver bullets.
It won't be long until they're all blessed with holy water.
Yeah. They've given us some serious weaponry this time.
T0L. They want us
to use top of the line weapons on this very
important mission.
In the case of Romuald's descendant,
his awakening would be convenient for us.
Most likely, if the descendant does awaken,
he will kill the target for us.
KTU.
Hmm.
Oh. I found my absolute favorite food!
And it's honey flavored.
I have a good feeling about tonight.
It's a silver chain.
Lilith, be careful.
[Startled gasp]
Did I wake you? Sorry to disturb, princess...
But I need to borrow you.
I'm sorry, Lilith.
They must have known that silver is my weakness.
[Banging knocks]
Uh, hello?
Yes. Who's there?
This is a message from Mr. Cliff?
In ancient times, the nobles would gather
peasants much like this.
It brought them great pleasure to humiliate the lower class.
I have to admit, I'm enjoying the feeling itself.
You may not have noticed,
but this gun is loaded with silver bullets.
If a silver bullet pierces your body, you will
disintegrate, proving you're not human.
You don't want the Strigoi to die with you, do you?
Start begging for your life!
This gun that you're sucking on.
Even if you beg it may still go off.
Careful with that pretty mouth.
Or I may shoot just like this.
Unfortunately, I'm not the one who will end you.
Although that person will be here any minute.
So until then, behave!
Pervert. You get off on shaming others, don't you?
I'm just getting started.
Such cold, white skin.
-What are you..? - Oh!
I'm just considering removing your nipple from your lovely breast.
Your body responds at the lightest touch.
And here I thought a Strigoi's body would be much
harder to slice.
Shut up!
Where should we go next? Shall I pierce your belly button?
Or maybe I should insert my blade lower.
I wonder if your body is cold everywhere.
I bet there's one place that's warm.
S-stop.
Why are you doing this?
Isn't it obvious? Do you know the word \"caso\"?
It means to bring ruin in Latin.
The word suits your kind very well.
It sounds similar to the Japanese word \"kuso\".
\"Shit\". Which is what your kind is full of.
So how do you like the taste of my ruin?
It's hard to imagine your kind of survived and is
still alive in the modern world.
But even God makes mistakes and it falls
on man to clean up after him.
Do whatever you want.
You may defile my body, but you'll never break my...
Why are you here?
Miss... Miss Kishimoto.
Why?
We've been waiting for you. Heir of Romuald.
Mr. Cliff.
Why are you..? What are you doing here?
Come on. We've got to help Miss Kishimoto.
Hurry!
Don't you dare call that trash by name!
What kind of joke is this?
That girl is not human.
She is filthy vermin.
Vermin?
It is your duty to eliminate such filth.
Please use this sword.
Here.
Eliminate? I don't know what you're talking about, but...
[Soft chuckle]
UYR.
It is time for you to understand your role
in this world we live in.
I still don't understand what is going on?
Do not worry.
I will assist you.
[Soft chuckle]
Now, honourable descendant.
Let's do this together.
Wait just a minute.
If we stab her, then she'll die.
Of course she will die.
She deserves to die.
Now do this and take your place as a man.
No, Mr. Cliff.
This isn't right. I don't want to become a man like this.
Please let me go. Mr. Cliff. Please!
- Please! - It's okay.
That thing over there isn't human.
If you stab her through the heart with a
silver blade, she will disintegrate, leaving
no trace behind.
Mr. Cliff, please stop.
This is wrong. I don't want to!
No! I won't kill her!
- I won't! Yes, we will.
For the sake of the future.
[Laughter]
What? He's... he's already awakened!?
[Angry shout]
- Little brat. - Stop!
He is the true heir.
Let's fall back for tonight.
But, Commander!
FRO. Fall out and retreat at once.
That was not what I was expecting, heir of Romuald.
You have not seen the last of us, descendant. Farewell.
[Panting]
I'm sorry. I'm not looking.
Everything's okay now.
Here.
Uh...
I'm glad you're safe now, Lilith.
Thank you.